Contributor: Create spryker-cloud-commerce-management.md (#1387)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/cloud/dev/spryker-cloud-commerce-os/spryker-cloud-commerce-os-management.md

---

> title: Spryker Cloud Commerce management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Spryker Cloud Commerce OS management
```

> description: The goal of this RACI Matrix is to define and document responsibilities, consultation- and reporting-obligations while providing Platform-as-a-Service hosting for a Spryker customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Assignment of responsibilities, consultation and reporting obligations.
```

last_updated: Nov 21, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
---

> The goal of this RACI Matrix is to define and document responsibilities, consultation- and reporting-obligations while providing Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) hosting for a Spryker customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This RACI Matrix defines responsibilities, consultation and reporting obligations while providing Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) hosting for Spryker customers.
```

> ## Glossary

Author: This format uses HTML tags. I think we should follow this formatting as close as possible through markdown. What do you think? 
Or is it a rule I wasn't aware of before and we must use HTML for glossaries? @andriitserkovnyi

> ## Glossary

Reviewer: As far as I remember, we actually made a frontend dev create a custom css to style glossaries. So yeah, we have to use html, but we have few glossaries, so it's not much work.

> **Responsible**: Those who do the work to complete the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Responsible**: Those who do the work to complete a task.
```

> **Accountable**: The one ultimately answerable for the correct and thorough completion of the deliverable or task, and the one who delegates the work to those responsible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Accountable**: The one ultimately answerable for the correct and thorough completion of a deliverable or task, and the one who delegates the work to those responsible.
```

> **Consulted**: Those whose opinions are sought, typically subject matter experts; and with whom there is two-way communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Consulted**: Those whose opinions are sought, typically subject matter experts; and with whom there is a  two-way communication.
```

> **Informed**: Those who are kept up-to-date on progress, often only on completion of the task or deliverable; and with whom there is just one-way communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Informed**: Those who are kept up to date on progress, often only on completion of a task or deliverable; and with whom there is just one-way communication.
```

**Application**: Customer Commerce Solution build using Spryker Commerce OS.

> **Infrastructure**: Underlying cloud infrastructure managed by Spryker to deliver Spryker Cloud Commerce to Spryker customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Infrastructure**: Underlying cloud infrastructure managed by Spryker to deliver Spryker Cloud Commerce OS to customers.
```

> **Application**: Customer Commerce Solution build using Spryker Commerce OS.

Reviewer: @michalwroblewski-spryker what is a `Customer Commerce Solution`?

Reviewer 2: @andriitserkovnyi  This is the commerce solution the customer build based on our Spryker. Eg by customizing the existing b2b demo shop.

## RACI Matrix

> | ACTIVITY | CUSTOMER | RESPONSIBLE DEVELOPING PARTY (CUSTOMER OR PARTNER) | SPRYKER |

Reviewer: @michalwroblewski-spryker what do blank fields mean when opposed to `-`?

Reviewer 2: @andriitserkovnyi it is explained in the glossary section

| --- | ---| --- | --- |
| Application Health, Security and Performance|

> | Provide code operational application (docker-sdk and Spryker Code) | C | A/R | I | 

Reviewer: What is a `code operational application`? @michalwroblewski-spryker

Reviewer 2: It means Spryker Commerce implementation that works.

| Optimize Application  performance applying best practices | I/C | R/A | I | 
| Maintain Application up-to-date and secure | I/C | R/A | I |
| Infrastructure Configuration and Scaling | 
| Manage environment sizing depending on the current needs | - | C | R/A |
| Maintain the Infrastructure up-to-date and secure | I | I | R/A |
| Configuration of the infrastructure for the Application | I | C | R/A |
| Provide deploy file that can be used in the Spryker Cloud setup | I | R/A | C |
| Deployments |

> | Provide valid access tokens for the repositories and the repository is available to Spryker Cloud as per requirements | - | R/A | I |

Reviewer: What is `available to Spryker Cloud` mean?

> | Conduct appropriate (load) testing, especially regarding data imports before production deployment | I/C | R/A | I |

Reviewer: @michalwroblewski-spryker Is it just load testing or load testing and some other testing?

Reviewer 2: @andriitserkovnyi it is especially load tests but also following industry best practices in testing the solution before deployement

---
title: Spryker Cloud Commerce OS management
description: Assignment of responsibilities, consultation and reporting obligations.
last_updated: Nov 21, 2022
template: concept-topic-template
---

This RACI Matrix defines responsibilities, consultation and reporting obligations while providing Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) hosting for Spryker customers.

> <div class="bg-section">

Author: @andriitserkovnyi I've changes Glossary according to the structure you've shared
